[woman] Father...
After spending some time
behind these stone walls,
I've come to realize
how foolish I was in the past.
My desire to steal
consumed me,
and from there
I lost all control.
-[chewing loudly]
-I am deeply ashamed.
It's all thanks to you,
Father.
-[chewing continues]
-And so...
May I please have
your assistance
in receiving early parole?
Recent studies show...
[clears throat]
...that if they receive
the proper training,
animals such as dogs
and parrots can learn
to read, use fire,
and even appreciate art.
If that's truly the case,
then what's the difference
between humans and animals?
Do you know?
Well, yeah, of course.
However, I don't see
how that relates...
Ah... Just a moment.
[grunting]
-[exhales] Father?
-It's done.
Ah.
[confused exhale]
Have you ever tried this?
The challenge comes after
completing the first cherry
with it still in your mouth.
Now, which tooth must you use
to bite into the second?
If accidentally bit
the first seed
that you went through
the trouble of completing,
it wouldn't end well.
Uh-huh...
Anyway, sorry Father,
but about my parole?
Hm...
I think there
is a possibility.
Do you really mean it,
Father?
I will be sure to put in
a good word
for you with the committee.
[relieved exhale]
Thank you very much. [gasps]
[cracks]
[squishes]
[thuds]
I've taken a liking
to those mischievous hands.
Your ill-natured self
will never be fixed.
But... I cannot ignore
the talents you possess.
They will be
of much use to me.
By no means can Jotaro's Stand
leave this prison,
so I will leave the task
of preventing that to you.
[whirring]
[opening theme song playing]
[slurps]
What? The hell do you mean
you had F.F. hide it
somewhere for you?
After all that effort it took
to get it?
It's got your Dad's Stand
on it!
Sure that's okay?
Do you even know where it is?
I mean, they're still in...
-[F.F.] This place is so fun!
-Hm?
Compared to the swamp,
it's lovely!
Seriously?
We should do what
they're doing over there.
I think it's called
playing catch, right?
[Jolyne] Look, I trust F.F.
And as far as we know,
Pale Snake has no clue
our new friend's alive.
It's safer this way.
Yeah, guess you're right.
But look at it like this,
wouldn't it be even better
to send it
to the people
holding your dad?
[MNS] It would.
Thing is, I tried to escape,
so my phone and
visitor privileges are gone,
and I still haven't come up
with a plan to carry it out.
[gasps]
-[sips]
-[both gasp]
Hey, you fugly hoe!
Take that
out of your mouth now!
Huh? What did you just
say to me?
I replenish my thirst,
and you hurl insults?
Put the cup down now.
There on the bench
where you found it.
Immediately!
If it's that important
to you,
you shouldn't leave it
sitting around.
Especially in
a place like this.
-[growls]
-[derisive snort]
[both gasp]
Just ignore her!
We'll go get you more water!
It's okay, F.F.,
don't make a scene!
[liquid bubbling]
-[plop]
-[grunting]
[retching]
-Give it here! Huh?
-[moaning in pain]
Well, I guess it's okay.
There's actually more
here now.
Lucky me!
[slurping]
[disgusted groans]
[F.F.] All right.
Let's throw
the ball around, yeah?
[Jolyne] What?
Good grief.
You've never thrown a ball,
have you?
[mocking laugh]
-[grunts]
-Uh-oh.
-[playful music playing]
-[balls hitting mitt]
[grunts, sniffs]
[Jolyne]
Nah, pull your hips back in.
-A little more.
-[straining]
-[Ermes] Oh!
-[efforted grunt]
There you go.
Looking good, right?
[grunts]
-Jolyne, did you know...?
-Huh?
We've gone back
and forth 86 times already,
and we haven't
dropped it once!
Think we'll hit a hundred?
Ah!
[woman] A hundred dollars
says you won't.
[both] Huh?
Will you take that bet?
Sorry, but who are you?
And what are you saying?
My name is Miraschon,
and FE26789 is
my prisoner number.
I'm saying you won't
catch the ball.
I'm willing to bet
a hundred dollars
that your little
game of catch
will end before
you reach a hundred.
Don't you think this
is coming out of nowhere?
What do you really want?
-Just trying to kill time.
-[grunts]
[rustles]
[Ermes gasps]
-[grunts]
-[F.F.] Let's do it!
It's only 13 more passes!
Hey, not another word, you!
[exhales]
Regardless,
I don't have anywhere near
that amount of money on me,
so it won't be much of a bet.
Well, it doesn't have
to be money, you know?
I'll take drugs, cigarettes,
chewing gum,
some phone time,
hell, even a vibrator...
Anything with
a bit of value will do.
I'll be frank with you.
I don't really do bets,
so get lost.
[Ermes] Wait just a second.
Come on, Jolyne.
You should go along
with this.
We've got some crazy luck.
And whatever you don't have,
I'll lend you.
F.F. sucks at throwing,
but they've managed to do it
87 times.
We can win.
There's more to it than that!
Yeah.
It might be a trap set
by Pale Snake, right?
But I know that Miraschon.
We're on
the same floor together.
She's a stupid gambler
that ruined her life
committing small robberies.
Think about it for a sec.
When you're finally able to
use the phones and get visits,
you're definitely gonna wish
you had this money
to buy your place in line.
[Miraschon] Hey.
Are you in, or are you not?
Count me in.
I wanna do it for sure!
We can totally win!
-[dings]
-Okay!
But do you even have
a hundred dollars on you?
[whoosh]
We'll play, but conditions
are if you raise your voice
or move even one step
from that spot,
the bet is called off.
Got it?
So the game
has already begun then, huh?
But I won't be fair
if the distance is too close
or if you hold on
to the ball for too long.
More than three meters apart.
Within ten seconds.
-[dings]
-Okay.
[chuckling] All right!
Let's get this thing started!
Just calm down
before you throw.
You've got ten seconds,
so take your time!
And that makes 89!
[chuckes] Now there's
only 11 more to go!
[gasps] You little...!
Get those sticky fingers
the hell away from my water!
[gasps] Hey!
[grunts]
[grunts nervously]
Way to close.
Concentrate, damn it!
That's not it!
She's the problem here!
What is she doing
getting near my water?
I'm just spectating quietly.
Well, do it away
from my cup, or else!
[sighs] Fine, whatever.
Clock's ticking.
Go, F.F.! Throw the ball!
Screw this girl!
She bugging me!
Here! I'll hold your water.
Now throw the ball!
-One second.
-Throw it!
Shit!
-[gasps]
-Idiot!
[grunts]
[yelps in pain]
[thuds]
Jolyne!
[groans]
That was close,
but you pulled through.
I'm sorry.
I panicked back there.
[grunts]
[Ermes] Be more
careful next time, F.F.
[F.F.] Yeah, right,
I'm fine now.
Here we go!
That was a hundred times!
-[dings]
-Okay.
[cocky chuckle]
With the way I'm feeling,
a hundred more times
sounds like a breeze too.
It was an easy win
like I thought.
Now, fork over
the hundred dollars.
No. You were betting
with F.F. earlier too,
weren't you?
So doesn't that mean
it should be 200?
Yeah, true!
It definitely should be 200.
Hurry up and give it to me.
[dings]
I've got a grand on you
not being able to do it again.
[all gasp]
What, did you not hear me?
I'm telling you
my bet is 1000 dollars.
Are you for real? Do you even
have that kind of cash?
Of course.
But like I said earlier,
anything with value will
do the trick just the same.
The rules remain unchanged
as well.
Sound good?
[solemn exhale]
[Jolyne] No, we're done
with your games. [gasps]
[Jolyne grunts]
We might've just won,
but honestly,
I don't like you one bit.
[amused exhale]
If you wanna bet,
take it somewhere else.
I'll go instead of her!
-[dings]
-Well, okay.
F's, here.
Give me the ball and glove!
On it! Ermes!
[Ermes] Jolyne.
I don't like this chick
all that much either.
Or the way she's oddly fixated
on betting.
But still...
If it's gonna be
twelve hundred dollars
including the earlier bet,
there's no way
we can pass this up.
[Miraschon] You might wanna
be careful.
[MNS] Like the rules of
the last game,
this one began
the moment you decided to play.
You've less than ten seconds.
-Throw it!
-Coming your way!
[cocky laugh]
It's another easy victory!
[concerned exhale]
-[door buzzing]
-[F.F.] Thirty.
Thirty one.
Thirty two.
Nice! Next we'll be at 33!
Huh?
That's enough!
Put away the gear already!
Today's exercise period
is over!
[light chatter]
-Five seconds.
-[grunts]
[grumbles] F's, catch!
[F.F.] Thirty three!
The hell's your damage?
We're not gonna
have ourselves
a problem here, are we?
Hey, you!
We're calling this bet off!
It's done!
Okay,
here's a thought for you.
Let's suppose for
a moment now,
that a meteorite fell from
the heavens out of nowhere.
Sure it's wild,
but you'd probably think that
the game should be called off,
like it's just over.
You'd say
it's the meteor's fault.
And not to convince me,
mind you,
but yourselves.
But are you sure
that's okay?
Don't you think you two
might have
run out of exercise time,
because you were taking
your sweet time
and deliberately
throwing the ball slowly?
[hisses]
Take a good look into
your heart and you'll see.
If it's telling you
you didn't break any rules,
there's no need to worry.
By all means,
if you're innocent, you can
stop the game at any time.
-Fuck you.
-That's it, Ermes.
Be prepared to be sent
to solitary confinement.
Please, Mr. Guard.
Just this once.
Five minutes.
No, three will do.
Two minutes. I'm gonna go
make my rounds over here.
F's, now! Hurry up!
[gasps]
But a measly 100 dollars
will only go so far.
I'd say it only covers
the ball.
I'll be taking that glove.
Give it here!
What?!
[grunts] Damn it!
[grunts] Huh?
Ah, shit!
[kissing sound]
But in case something
like this might happen,
I put a sticker
on there. [grunts]
Ermes, no!
-[groans]
-[gasps]
-Oh-ho-ho!
Let's keep going.
[disappointed exhale]
I'm merely a spectator here.
[exhales nervously]
I won't move a muscle
or even think.
But still, though I can't
prove what she just did...
On the inside, Ermes knows
exactly what happened.
There's no denying it.
Your bestie just broke
one of the rules.
I know because...
The debt collector,
Mary Lynn Manson
has appeared before us.
[shocked gasp]
[dings]
Ermes, hey!
Watch yourself!
She's a Stand User!
[grunts]
[screaming]
No matter where
you hide it away
or what the item is,
it takes absolutely everything
and leaves nothing behind.
-[dings]
-[groaning in pain]
[in robotic voice]
This is still not enough.
Sticker... [gasps]
Game over.
[both gasp]
[grunts]
[Jolyne] Ermes!
[groaning]
Ermes!
If you sold this liver
I'm holding
on the black market...
[dings]
...it would make up for the
remaining 590 dollars you owe.
Piss off! [yells]
[speechless grunt]
I am the shadow that lies
deep within Ermes's heart.
The two of you cannot possibly
land an attack on me.
Ermes has broken
the rules you established,
and has therefore lost
the bet on her own.
I came to collect the debt
weighing on her shoulders.
Or are there any other
precious items she may have?
If so, I can exchange
this liver
for something of equal value.
[Jolyne] This bet
still isn't over yet.
What?
We'll catch the ball
a thousand times,
and if we succeed,
you'll give back everything
you took from her.
And then just leave us
the hell alone.
Okay.
However, I'm sure you're aware
of how this goes.
You must offer up something
of equal value.
Yeah, I know.
Excellent. With the rules set,
the game has begun.
See you later.
F.F., here!
[wheezing]
J--Jolyne...
Ermes, you're not the one
at fault here.
Since Miraschon is
a Stand User,
there's a high chance
that Pale Snake is involved.
If that's the case,
then they're aiming
for my dad's disc!
That's what
the collector is for.
There you go.
Another reason not
to take this bet. [grunts]
You got dragged into
this shit-fest
because of my family drama.
I can't let you die for me.
[gasps]
But how the hell are we going
to pull this off?
We're talking about
a thousand throws in a row!
And that thing earlier
was basically invincible!
Yeah, that's exactly why we're
gonna chase down Miraschon
and attack her directly!
[both gasp]
That greedy Stand of hers
may be invincible,
but her body is fair game!
That's why she's putting
distance between us!
Let's go!
[upbeat music playing]
[Jolyne] You see her?
I'm sure I saw her come
in here.
That door on the other side
of the room.
She must've left from there.
Passing to you!
[gasps] Jolyne!
Wait, don't throw!
[gasps]
Seriously?!
Shit, F.F.! I threw the ball!
Yeah, but where?
I can't see a damn thing!
Don't move!
It'll probably hit your body!
-[thud]
-[grunts]
[trickling]
[relieved sigh]
It's okay! I-- I got the ball!
That's great, F.F.!
Now let's just stay calm
and keep the ball moving.
Over here!
-Where the hell is here?
-Hurry!
[chuckles] It's already over.
[gasps]
I'm right here!
[F.F. exhales angrily]
Now I'm angry!
-[Miraschon screaming]
-[door creaking]
[splashing]
We're fighting a fool.
I heard a voice come
from somewhere over there,
so I fired randomly
in that general direction.
[groans]
Damn it!
What the fuck is that thing?
[buzzing]
[guard over speaker]
We are nearing lockdown time.
All prisoners must return to
their own cells immediately
and remain standing
until the roll call begins.
I repeat! The roll call
will commence shortly!
-[frantic music playing]
-[panting]
Look she ran that way!
-[gate clatters]
-Ora!
[groans, grunts]
[whimpers]
How unfortunate for you.
There's nowhere left to run.
And now that I know
you're a fellow Stand User,
I won't need to hold back.
[Miraschon]
Hey, wait a second!
Take the money!
And the liver.
Here, it's all yours!
That's not the only things
I want.
For starters,
I wanna know who in this prison
gave you Stand Power.
Huh?
It was Pale Snake, right?
Don't lie.
Tell me who they really are.
Wha-- what are you
talking about?
You sure you've got time
to be playing dumb?
You gotta believe me!
I don't know who that is!
All I wanted to do was go
on parole!
[grunts]
[smiling exhale]
[gasps] This is...!
[Miraschon] An elevator.
One that transports our meals.
How much longer now?
Six seconds?
Or is it five?
[gasps] No!
Jolyne!
[straining]
Two more...
[grunting]
[Jolyne] F.F.! The ball!
Come on, F.F.! Throw it here!
Shit!
[panting]
Nice job.
Now what are you gonna do?
You've got
eight more seconds.
Seven... six...
[dings]
Catch, F.F.!
[yelling]
[gasps]
[both gasp]
[scoffs]
This is what you wanted,
ain't that right, Miraschon?
[gasps]
Taking care of easy
and convenient favors
like this is nothing for me.
Need anything else,
just give me a call.
[grumbles]
[defeated exhale]
[frustrated grunt]
Try catching the ball now!
Oh, you can't anymore,
can you?
This game of catch is over!
You're dead, Jolyne Cujoh!
-[ding]
-[slice]
Mary Lynn Manson will
always come
to collect what is owed!
No matter where
they may be hidden.
Even if you are unaware,
Mary Lynn will know!
Jolyne!
First, I'll take
your most expensive organ.
And to cover the remainder,
I'll take your most
precious possession.
Your father's Stand disc!
As for where to find it...
That psychotic brat, F.F.,
has had it
behind them since
the very beginning!
I won!
Now I've got your organ
and your disc!
It all belongs to me!
Huh? [spits]
This little game of catch
is far from over.
[upbeat music playing]
Huh? But how?
The ball...
Impossible... You cheater...
No. I never actually specified
the person I'd be playing
catch with.
-The guard counts too.
-[gasps]
-[dings]
[dings]
Seems like the collector
also approves.
[nervous breath]
Now then, did we have
800 more balls to catch?
Or was it 900?
You know what? Screw it.
Take a thousand!
Ora!
[dinging rapidly]
Aw, yeah!
[epic music playing]
I'm gonna get my dad's disc
out of this prison.
And that includes the one
Pale Snake's holding on to.
Just watch.
["Distant Dreamer"
by Duffy playing]